Translator: Lalla Khadija Tigha Auditor: muhammad Samir
A few years ago,
I received an unwanted email.
It managed to break through the junk mail barrier.
I don’t know how that happened, but it arrived in my inbox,
It was from a man named Solomon Udonkoh.
(Laughter)
I know.
The dialogue was as follows:
He said, "Hello James Fitch,
I have an interesting business proposal that I would like to share with you, Solomon. "
Now, my hands were hovering around the "Scan" button, right?
I was looking at my phone, so I said, I can just wipe this.
Or to do what I think is the thing we've always wanted to do.
(Laughter)
So I said, "Solomon, your letter moved me."
(clap)
The game was launched.
So he said, "Dear James Fitch, we'll ship the gold to you."
(Laughter)
"You will earn 10% for every gold you distribute."
I knew then that I was dealing with a professional.
(Laughter)
I said, "What is its value?"
He said: "We will start with a small amount," -
So I said, oh--
Then he continued, "equivalent to 25 kilos.
(Laughter)
It will be worth 2.5 million dollars. "
I said, "Solomon, if we're going to do this, let's do something bigger.
(clap)
I can do it. How much gold do you have? "
(Laughter)
He said: "It is not a matter of how much gold I have, what matters is your absorption capacity.
We can start with 50 kilograms as a trial charge.
So I said, 50 kilograms?
There is no point in doing all of this if we don't ship a full ton. "
(Laughter)
(clap)
So he said, "What do you do?"
(Laughter)
I said, "Executive Director of the bank's safeguard portfolios."
This is not the first time that gold bars have been shipped to me, my friend,
no no no.
Then I started to feel terrified.
So I said, "Where are you?"
I don’t know how to think, but I think if we use the mail service
It must be registered
This is a lot of gold. "
He said, "It won't be easy to convince my company
By shipping a large amount. "
I said, "Solomon, I totally agree.
I am in the process of developing an illustration, to take it with you to the board meeting.
wait."
(Laughter)
This is what I sent to Solomon.
(clap)
I don’t know if we have any statisticians here,
But there is definitely something.
(Laughter)
I said, "Solomon, you'll find attached to this letter, a chart that will help you.
One of my assistants prepared the numbers.
(Laughter)
We are ready to ship as much gold as possible. "
There is always a moment when your heart sings with joy,
This was Solomon.
He said, "I would be very happy if the deal was made successfully,
Because I will get a good commission, too. ”
So I said, "This is awesome. What will your share be spent?"
He said, "On the property, what about you?"
I thought about it long.
So I said, "One word,
chickpeas."
(Laughter)
"This is common.
I was in Sansbury one day
There were 30 different types.
You can chop the carrots, and immerse them in them.
Have you done this before, Solomon? "
(Laughter)
He said, "I have to go to sleep now."
(clap)
"Tomorrow.
sweet Dreams."
I didn't know what to say!
So I said, "Good evening, gold medal, good evening."
(Laughter)
Guys, you have to be aware that this went on, for weeks,
And if so far, the best weeks of my life,
I had to end up.
Because he started getting out of control a little.
My friends used to say, "James, do you want to come with us to have a drink?"
I replied, "I can't. I'm waiting for an email on some gold."
So I realized I had to end it.
I had to take a trivial end.
So I designed a plan.
And I said, "Solomon, I'm worried about security.
When we write to each other,
We have to use symbols. "
He agreed.
(Laughter)
I said, "Solomon, I spent a whole night finding this symbol
We must use it in all of our next correspondence:
Attorney: The rubber bear.
Bank: scrambled eggs
Legal: Ordered Coca Cola Bottle: M & M's Chocolate
Documents: jelly beans.
Western Union: the huge rubber orchid.
(Laughter)
I know these are all the words they use, right?
I said, "Please call me" Kit Kat "in all of our next correspondence.
(Laughter)
I did not receive a response. I thought I had gone too far.
You have gone too far. I had to back off a little.
I said, "Solomon, is the show still standing?
kit Kat."
(Laughter)
Because you have to be consistent with your principles.
Then I received a message from him.
He said, "The work is going on, and I try to etc etc etc ..."
I said, "Man, you have to use the symbol!"
What followed was the greatest message I ever received.
(Laughter)
I'm not kidding, that's what I got on my mailbox.
It was a wonderful day.
"The work is still going on.
I'm trying to get a rubber bear stabilizer--
(Laughter)
In order to be able to put all the necessary cola bottles and jelly beans necessary
For scrambled eggs,
So that M & M's can get started.
(Laughter)
Send out £ 1500
Across the giant rubber lizard. "
(clap)
That was so funny, right,
Which made me think:
What will happen if you spend as much time as possible?
In response to these messages as best I can?
This is what I was doing
For 3 years
On your behalf.
(Laughter)
(clap)
Crazy things happen when you start responding to spam.
It is very difficult,
I strongly encourage you to do.
I don't think what I'm doing is mean.
There are people who do ugly things to scammers.
All I do is waste your time.
I believe that every time they spend with me
The time they don't spend on defrauding vulnerable adults
They waste their savings, right?
And if you intend to do this - which I very much encourage you to do -
Get email addresses with aliases.
Do not use your e-mail address.
This was what I was doing in the beginning, and that was a nightmare.
I was getting up in the morning to find thousands of messages
About enlarging the penis,
Only one response was a legitimate answer--
(Laughter)
For a medical question I was asking.
But I will tell you, in return, guys,
I will tell you: every day is a good day, every day is a good day
When you receive a message, it begins as follows:
(Laughter)
"I am Winnie Mandela,
The second wife of Nelson Mandela, the former president of South Africa.
So I said, oh this is Winnie Mandela.
(Laughter)
I know many like her.
"I need to transfer $ 45 million outside the country
Because of the health of my husband Nelson Mandela. "
Let's look at this a little.
She sent me this which was hysterical.
(Laughter)
and this is.
From what seems somewhat legitimate, this is a letter of authorization.
But to be frank, there is nothing written on it, it is just a form!
(Laughter)
I said, "Winnie, I'm really sad to hear this.
Since Nelson Mandela died 3 months ago,
I would describe his health as very critical. "
(Laughter)
This is the worst health condition that can happen to you, not to be alive.
She said, "Please adhere to the bank's instructions.
my only love"
(Laughter)
So I said, "Sure, no women, no tears."
(clap)
She said, "The bank employee will need to transfer 3,000 dollars. My only love."
(Laughter)
So I said, "No problem.
You shot the chief of police. "
[(But I didn't shoot the deputy)]
(Laughter)
thank you.
(clap)